Background Images
	By default, the background-image property repeats an image both horizontally and vertically
	if you wish to only repeat vertically or only repeat horizontally use the background-repeat rule:
		repeat horizontally - background-repeat: repeat-x;
		repeat vertically - backround-repeat: repeat-y;
	if you only wish to show a background image once you also use background-repeat:
		dispaly once - backround-repeat: no-repeat;
	
	you can position an image using background-position
		you can use named values : left top, right bottom, center top
			if you only specify one keyword, the other value willbe "center"
		can use x y (either relative or absolute)
			if you only specify one the other will be 50%
			you can mix absolute and relative
				background-position: 50% 45px;
	
	you can specify if background image scrolls or stay's in place
		you can tell background to :
			scroll - The background scrolls along with the element. this is default
			fixed - The background is fixed with regard to the viewport
			local - The background scrolls along with the element's contents
		example:
			{
				background-image: url('flower.jpg');
				background-repeat: no-repeat;
				background-attachment: fixed;
			}
	
			
	other background rules :
		background-blend-mode: normal|multiply|screen|overlay|darken|lighten|color-dodge|saturation|color|luminosity;
			The background-blend-mode property defines the blending mode of each background layer (color and/or image).
	
		background-clip: border-box|padding-box|content-box|initial|inherit;
			The background-clip property specifies the painting area of the background.
			
		background-origin: padding-box|border-box|content-box|initial|inherit;
			The background-origin property specifies where the background image is positioned.
				If the background-attachment property is set to "fixed", this property has no effect.
				
		background-size: auto|length|cover|contain|initial|inherit;
			The background-size property specifies the size of the background images.
				auto - 	Default value. The background-image contains its width and height
				
				length - Sets the width and height of the background image. The first 
						 value sets the width, the second value sets the height. If only one 
						 value is given, the second is set to "auto"
						
				percentage - Sets the width and height of the background image in percent of 
						     the parent element. The first value sets the width, the second 
							 value sets the height. If only one value is given, the second is 
							 set to "auto"
			
				contain - Scale the image to the largest size such that both its width and 
						  its height can fit inside the content area
						  
						  
background short hand
 background: color image repeat attachment position;
	It does not matter if one of the property values is missing, as long as the other ones are in this order.